# notes

## process
so I have to get this built quickly
I need to start from a template that includes:

1. correct meta tags
2. links to jquery
3. correct media query breakpoints
4. include the needed S-tags and other LO proprietary code

the process I used at Edlio for slicing was this

0. copy the blank template I had saved
1. look at the mock up and write all the markup
2. slice all the images out
3. write all the css
4. QA

how does responsive desgin change this?

1. have to keep in mind responsive when slicing images
2. do not want more than one set of markup depending on situation - write once, deploy everywhere
3. writing the CSS with take multiple passes; 1 for each situation

TODO:

1. break up wrapper code into reus files so that I can update wrapper without unpublishing it
2. rename the reus files so that they are more easily searchable
3. text field changes to a rounded corner box with a slight drop shadow inside.
4. 1px white line between the blue and orange bars in the collapsed top nav.
5. reduce the font size of the headline for the phone The PSDs drop from 36pt (desktop and tablet) to 32pt (phone).
target font size divided by font size of containing element gives size in ems 32/16 = 2
6. Would like to disable the AddThis Share bar/functionality completely from phone breakpoints.
7. move the "Close [X]" link up so it centers vertically with the Sign Up button. The box can shorten a few pixels as a result.
8. if you tap on the button itself a second time take the viewer to a landing page.
9. make it so tapping anywhere else on the page dismisses the submenu


